I'm uh I have a friend here is a Brian
are you around here somewhere
no I'm sorry wait a minute Casey are you
Casey can you come here here's a friend
and I want to introduce to you this is
Casey you know what's going on tonight
you have no idea to be scared or nervous
you ready to sing where you came and you
came all the way from Ocala right is
that where you're from
[Applause]
Palance I've been there I've been there
many times there is someone here that
I've already said it's has something let
me tell you okay
so Brian you want to come out here and
[Applause]
you may be the most happy man in the
world and even happy
[Applause]
Brian and Casey ladies and gentlemen and
they're going to get married soon
[Applause]
[Music]
well that it's an awesome thing I've
done that three times in my career uh
and and now for timers and and all three
have lasted about three years